Draft of PoS-legacy documentation (#3)
languagetool-org/french-pos-dict: README.md

#### Step 2: Data Formatting (`DicollecteDataFormatting.pl`)
    The Perl script `DicollecteDataFormatting.pl` changes tags to LT-compatible ones and performs additional replacements.
#### Step 3: Simplification (`Simplification.sh`)
    Replacements are applied on the tags again, and additional fixes for some Grammalecte bugs are implemented.
#### Step 4: Integration of Additional Words
- **Input:** `fr.simplif.txt`, `added.txt`, `remove.txt`
  - **Output:** Updated `fr.simplif.txt`
      Words already tagged from LT added/removed are integrated into the dicollecte data. 
  For new releases, this step is the one that should be repeated with the current word lists.
#### Step 5: Sed Replacement
- **Input:** `fr.simplif.txt`
- **Output:** `fr.simplif.txt`
    A Sed script replaces versions of é|ée|és in the file.
#### Step 6: Duplicate Removal
- **Input:** `fr.simplif.txt`
- **Output:** `fr.simplif.txt`
    After sorting, duplicates resulting from the normalization of é|ée pairs are removed.
#### Step 7: Removal of Duplicates (`SuppressionDoublons.sh`)
- **Input:** `fr.simplif.txt`
- **Output:** `fr.simplif.txt`

>     A cleanup script (`SuppressionDoublons.sh`) removes duplicates generated in the Step 6, through a discutable method. In the future, we should implement a new method, utilizing `sort` and `uniq` for optimization.

Reviewer: 'Discutable'?

Author: yeah I removed that ^^

 `dict.txt` is ready for use. 

> This final file is now directly accessible in the data, simplifying the addition of new data without modifying the dicollecte file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This final file is now directly accessible in `data/dict.txt`, simplifying the addition of new data without the need to modify the Dicollecte file. 
```

> Further investigation is required to understand and potentially optimize certain steps in the process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further investigation is required to understand and potentially optimise certain steps in the process. 
```

> A full rewriting in python would make the whole process more stable and future-proofed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full rewrite in Python would make the whole process more stable and future-proof.
```

* scroll to the bottom, select latest version, and click `Release`
* `git tag vx.y`
* `git push origin vx.y`

## Speller: `pos_tagger_scripts` (legacy)
Before Q1 2024, the entire binary build and release process relied on Grammalecte data and legacy scripts.
Some modifications were implemented in the legacy scripts, and these changes will be detailed.
The Part-of-Speech (PoS) tagging logic is outlined below. 
However, with the discontinuation of the Grammalecte project in December 2022, there will be no new dicollecte releases. 
Consequently, the steps preceding Step 4 are no longer necessary for replication.

> ### Main Script: `Build_LT`
> The main script, named `Build_LT`, orchestrates the entire process step by step with added debugging functionalities. At each stage, the script echoes the current step, and each step outputs a file with a unique name, facilitating easy tracking and debugging. This was not as readable in the original state of the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Main Script: `build-lt`
The main script, named `build-lt.sh`, orchestrates the entire process step by step with added debugging functionalities. At each stage, the script echoes the current step, and each step outputs a file with a unique name, facilitating easy tracking and debugging. This was not as readable in the original state of the repo.
```

**Dependencies:**
- Grammalectv7.0 data

> - French frequency words list (both legacy and already present in the repository)

Reviewer: 🔍 This is not a dependency of this script, though.

Author: Ah, true, would "Sources" be better?

Reviewer: I don't think that's used as a source, either... The frequency word list is only used in the Morfologik compilation step. We can prob. just delete this line.

Also, as far as dependencies go, there's also `Perl`.
